(group yelling)
(dramatic music)
[Yhwach] The true
despair begins now.
Ah crap, my stupid
wings popped out.
[Giselle] So what?
Go ahead and use them.
I don't need mine since
they just make me tired.
Well, I don't need mine either.
[Meninas] Look,
Bambietta's using hers.
Of course she is.
If I know her, she's super
pissed that we ditched her.
[Giselle]
Whoa, that's scary.
She's the last person who
should be allowed to use that.
I mean, that girl is dumb.
Oh man, this battle is
gonna be over super quick.
("STARS" by w.o.d)
(singing in Japanesee)
-("STARS" by w.o.d)
-(singing in Japanese)
-(glass shattering)
-(bell tolling)
(dramatic music)
You may have transformed,
but everything is
still reversed for you-
(bomb exploding)
So what if everything's
reversed, you big dummy?
If I can't tell up from
down or left from right
then all I have to do is
just blow everything up
all at once, using this.
The Explode!
Huh?
(Bambietta chuckles)
Welcome back, Doggy.
[Momo] Captain!
Which one's your captain,
Doggy or Smirky Face?
(Momo grunting)
(bomb exploding)
[Sajin] I thank you,
Lieutenant Hinamori,
but that was very reckless.
Her bombs can't be
nullified by your Tobiume,
nor can you hope to defend
yourself against them
without a shield or armor.
Oh, and you can defend yourself?
(Sajin exclaims)
You talk like you think
that bucket on your head
can protect you from me.
(dramatic music)
Oh, you sensed something
and moved your head
at the last moment.
What a clever doggy you are,
or was it animal instinct?
(Sajin Komamura groans)
Yep, you're right,
there's really no defense
against my bombs.
That's because my Reishi
bombs aren't bombs, really,
but anything they make
contact with becomes a bomb.
That's why trying to swat
them away at the last minute
won't do you any good.
No way.
So let's see you
chew on this, Doggy!
Fetch!
[Sajin] Get behind me!
(bomb exploding)
[Bambietta] How was that?
I'm guessing your armor's
pretty smashed up,
but you're still alive.
I wanna get a look
under that bucket.
Huh?
Hey, what gives?
Why aren't you a doggy anymore?
[Sanjin] The Jinka Technique?
That's the one that our clan
calls the secret technique.
Yes, we of the Werewolf Clan
were banished to the
animal realm for the sins
we had committed
in our past lives,
but even that couldn't
make us forget,
so we were forced back
into the Soul Society.
By temporarily breaking the
chains our sins have bound us in
we can return to the
forms we had before
we were condemned
to live as beasts
and gain great power as well.
We call this process
the Jinka Technique.
All right, then how do I do it?
(plate rattling)
You must offer up your heart.
(Sajin gasps)
[Elder] With your own hand,
you will tear out your heart
and you will offer it up to me.
In return, I'll bestow the
Jinka Technique on you.
Are you scared?
That's all right, you're
under no obligation
to throw your life away
for the likes of
those Soul Reapers.
I'll do it.
I couldn't bare to live my
life hiding in the shadows,
so I abandoned my clan
and lived a life of shame
until Master
Genryusai took me in.
I owed him a huge debt for that,
but the Quincies killed him
before I could repay it.
Now I must fulfill my duty
to do whatever it takes
to avenge his death!
(blood splashing)
Lieutenant Hinamori, take
Captain Hirako and get out.
Right!
(Momo grunts)
I have no choice.
Bankai.
Kokujo Tengen Myo-oh!
Dangai Joue!
(armor breaking)
(armor crashing)
What the hell is that?
Huh?
(dramatic music)
So disappointing, there's no
doggy even inside your Bankai?
Or wait, could it be
that there's a doggy
hiding under that
monster's face?
(Bambietta gasps)
Wait a second, what's happening?
Kokujo Tengen Myo-oh
is an armor Bankai
that is imbued with life.
Dangai Joue is its
form stripped of armor,
exposing only its Spiritual
Pressure and power.
Your technique
can not defeat it.
(feet thudding)
(bombs exploding)
If your Spiritual
Pressure's exposed,
so are your weaknesses.
Don't you see?
A living thing might fear
being turned into a bomb and
being blown into oblivion,
but where there is no life,
there is no fear of that
or anything else.
No life?
Tengen Myo-oh's life
lies in its armor.
Dangai Joue is Tengen Myo-oh
stripped of all traces of life.
Don't give me that, I
know how this thing works!
I had your damn Bankai
just a minute ago,
or have you forgotten that?
Your Bankai shares a
direct link with you!
(bomb exploding)
Ha, you see?
Maybe your Bankai doesn't
care if it gets destroyed,
but you, its possessor
might not be so...
Why do you have a hole in you?
[Sanjin] My body is but
an empty shell now.
An instrument whose sole
purpose is defeat your people.
My clan's secret Jinka
Technique allows us
to temporarily
gain immortal form
by offering up our hearts.
As long as I'm in
this human form,
I can not die or be killed.
(dramatic music)
You're saying you already
threw your life away?
Then what the hell are
you even fighting for
if it's not to at least keep
from losing and getting killed?
If you have to die
in order to fight,
then there's no point
in even winning!
I didn't throw it away,
I made a wager with it.
Master Genryusai staked
his life on this war,
so how could I not
dare to do the same?
Before I ever stepped
into this battle,
I had already left
my life behind!
(bombs exploding)
[Elder] Sajin,
hmm well done.
You truly are one of us.
There is no doubt
when I see you now,
you make me proud, Sajin.
[Bambietta] No way, my
bombs aren't detonating.
He's throwing them back at me
faster than they can detonate.
This can't be.
(bomb exploding)
(footsteps echoing)
(Sajin groaning)
(bankai cracking)
(bankai shatters)
(Sajin panting)
Not yet.
Give me heart the strength
to keep the Jinka Technique
working just a little longer.
All that matters now is that
I must get to that castle
and then I must...
I must kill Yhwach!
[Elder] Good,
very good, Sajin.
I wonder, have you realized yet
that the only feeling
driving you now
is the desire for revenge?
You've thrown your life
away for vengeance,
the very thing you chastised
your friend for doing.
(heart beats)
But that is as it should be,
for revenge is our
Clan's true form.
You have finally returned
to where you truly belong.
You have come back to your clan.
(Sajin groaning)
What is this?
I see, so this is
this is the price I must pay.
That's right, Sajin.
Your life as a human
will soon come to an end.
You will become a
beast of revenge.
Let your anger reach
its very limit.
-Curse your lot,
-(heart beating)
wallow in your vengeance,
and I will drink deep
of your dark resentment
and live on.
Sajin, my dear Sajin,
thank you for
doing this for me.
You became a beast
that can not speak
just for me.
Thank you.
(slurps heart)
(sword thuds)
[Sajin] So this is
the price I must pay
for selling my soul for revenge,
for carrying the name
of the Court Guards
and selling my soul for revenge,
for not taking those
words I spoke to Kaname
as a warning to myself.
I was so-
[Tetsuzaemon]
Let's go, Captain.
You did nothing wrong, no,
sir, not a single thing.
Let's keep fighting, Captain.
Let's go and kill
that bastard Yhwach
and avenge Master
Genryusai Yamamoto.
(Cang Du panting)
-(alarm beeping)
-(somber music)
[BG9] Damage repair status, 45%.
[Bambietta] Damn it,
how in the hell could I
lose to a Soul Reaper?
Of all five of us, I'm the
one who gets her ass kicked?
No way, this can't happen.
I won't let it happen.
[Giselle] Poor little Bambi.
We're here to help,
because we'd all be so
terribly lonely without you.
-Wouldn't we, girls?
-Wait a second.
No, stay away from me.
Please don't do this, Gigi!
[Jugram] The odds seem
to be evening out.
That's a modest assessment.
But the tide does
seem to have turned,
so we agree on that much.
We do.
In fact, that's the very
reason I've come here.
You see, it's my job
to tip the scales
back in our favor.
(gasp)
(bomb exploding)
Well, that escalated quickly.
I keep forgetting you Quincies
can steal Reishi, can't you?
All this time, I've been
gradually weakening that barrier
by stealing Reishi from it.
It took me longer
than I anticipated.
It's a splendid technique.
You hear that?
[Nanao] Yes, I suppose I
should feel flattered.
-However,
-(dramatic music)
as you say, it took you some
time to weaken the barrier,
so of course that means
we had just as much time
to come up with a new one.
But this one's quite
different in form
from your first one, isn't it?
Does this one look more fragile
because it's not a
single layer barrier?
It does, but the very fact
that it looks so fragile
must undoubtedly mean
it's some kind of a trap.
So be it.
I'll have to use
harsher measures.
It is time, you must excuse
me, His Majesty is waiting.
[Shunsui] Hey, come on,
you're really leaving
after all that?
Be grateful to your lieutenant.
But whenever will
we see you again?
[Jugram] The moment
the order is given.
All right then.
I'll make sure there's
a nice cup of tea
waiting for you next time.
[Ikkaku] That was some
explosion just now.
Two Spiritual
Pressures vanished,
one was an enemy and
the other one was-
Captain Komamura.
Damn it!
[James] Mister, Mister!
Come on, get up!
It's time for round two!
[Ikkaku] Who is that kid?
Wait, it's a tiny old man.
Little guy, give it
up, he's finished.
You can do it!
-Okay, James, I'm up!
-(dramatic music)
(Mask De Masculine chuckles)
[Group] What the?
(laughs) I never even
really get warmed up
'til the second round!
You said this was
a one round match!
James, ring that bell!
My favorite sound!
(bell rings)
Are you serious?
Oh, me?
I'm always serious.
(Mask De Masculine grunting)
(ground rumbling)
One, two, three!
-(bell ringing)
-(dramatic music)
Oh, yeah!
(group groaning)
Is that all of them, James?
Yep.
There you go, I finished
off every Captain
they could throw at me.
My only regret is that we didn't
have a crowd here to watch it.
I mean, just think
of all the merch
we could have sold, am I right!
-Oh, yes, sir.
-(laughing)
That would've been excellent.
-(sky rumbling)
-(dramatic music)
Now what do you
think that light is?
Ooh, maybe a fresh opponent.
I can't make up my mind
if I should go over there.
Tell me, what do
you think, James?
Oh, definitely!
They're so bright and shiny
that cleaning their clocks can
only add to your luster, sir.
Right, then I'm off!
Try and keep up with
me, will you, James?
Yes, sir!
-(chain rattling)
-(dramatic music)
Hmm?
Not so fast.
You think you beat us
just because you scored
a three count knockdown?
That's exactly what I think.
(Mask De Masculine grunting)
All that training
I put you through
and all you've
got to show for it
is getting yourself knocked out.
What a pathetic lieutenant.
Are you with these boys?
Kensei Muguruma,
Squad 9 Captain.
This clown here
is one of my men.
Ooh, a captain, eh?
So exciting.
I bet you'd make
a worthy opponent,
and ordinarily, I'd
stay and find out,
but I'm on my way to investigate
a couple of unidentified
flying objects.
[Rojuro] Aw, come
on, don't leave.
You have two captains
you can take on.
Beat a tag team like us,
and you'd really make
a name for yourself.
(Mask De Masculine laughs)
Ally-oop!
Come on then, let's do it!
Hurry up!
Oh, we'll hurry, all right.
In fact, this won't
take long at all.
(Mask De Masculine laughing)
(Amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
(Ichigo panting)
[Ichigo] What the hell is this?
[Ichibe] The weight you feel
is what you are
trying to protect.
Everything you see,
they are everlasting memories,
revelations.
In other words, the
power of the king.
(dramatic tone)
Are you a vessel strong
enough to hold the power
that fills it?
Or are you a vessel
that shatters?
(Ichigo screaming)
(Ichigo panting)
(dramatic music)
All right, so what do
you want me to do next?
[Rojuro] The heavens
resound with deceit,
the captive heart
dances to the melody.
-(singing in Japanese)
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)